Added fuzz targets for parser, json, core and root justfile, to simplify running fuzzers (#800)
Enet4/dicom-rs: CONTRIBUTING.md

cargo build
```

This will also build the CLI and helper tools of the project,
such as the dictionary builder and `dcmdump`.
To build only the library crates,
you can build the parent package named `dicom`:

```sh
cargo build -p dicom
```

Please ensure that all tests pass before sending your contribution.
Writing tests for your own contributions is greatly appreciated as well.

```sh
cargo test
```

We also recommend formatting your code before submitting,
to prevent discrepancies in code style.

```sh
cargo fmt
```

Fuzz tests are available for several crates in the workspace.
For convenience, they can be run using [just].
The toolchain can be configured via the `FUZZ_TOOLCHAIN` environment variable (`nightly` is used by default).

```sh
just fuzz-list
just fuzz-all
```

Corpus directories can be seeded with your own `.dcm` files using `just apply_dcm_corpus <dir>`.

> A few targets that need a C/C++ toolchain (GDCM, CharLS), needs to be run seperately with `just fuzz-external`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A few targets that need a C/C++ toolchain (GDCM, CharLS) need to be run separately with `just fuzz-external`.
```
